thank you um my dark one here just gonna
show you uh you started on call it in
your black ops on the UM app for zombies
called five if you don't have it um
either you can beat the campaign or look
down and press these two buttons
he's - over and over in jail break three
free walk over to the computer over here
fresh snacks
and then type in three are unlock and
you should have it and then depressed
hey sir back on all right here we go
this is you sure
it doesn't matter what you do see on the
main room all right there's laughing 14
gonna go over here
so we're the Olympians just walk over
here and this is sergeant robot from
call of duty will not walk see sergeant
over just right up in holy crap anything
let's see how long I can run away from
all right now you know about that I'm
sure your friends that if you played
caller they wrote on war and comment
rate and subscribe